# dash_spidercow
 
This script,'SpiderCow', is originally developed to fit the developer's personal needs. SpiderCow is designed to provide useful information for Day Traders in the US stock markets. The script is using Dash Plotly to provide its' web services layout with the data that is scrapped from multiple finances/stocks websites. The script also provides preliminary analysis to provide recommened entry and exit price of the given stock based on the stock's last price, current volume in comparison to the 30-day average volume, and news articles' contents. This project is still work in process, thus not perfected in its' algorithms/mechanics, etc.

That being said, this repository is only shown to the public for demo purposes only. I do not guarantee the complete accurancy of the infomration provided by this website as the data/information are aggregated from other external sources. I am not responsible for any legal implications and/or losses (financial, property, etc) casued by using the SpiderCow services. If you do choose to use this script, please use the services with caution at your own risks.

SpiderCow utilizes the following web services/platforms in order to pull news and stock profile data/information: Yahoo Finances, MorningStar, and SEC Edgar API.

# Current Issues being Worked:
- The script often does not gather all news displayed in Yahoo Finances page
This is most likely caused by the way BeautifulSoup pulls tag data that is generated by JavaScript. We will most likely have to change to different library (i.e. Selenium) to pull JavaScript-generated data.

- The script does not pull the correct 'Last' price on the first day of the week (typically Mondays)
This is due to the fact that we are pulling the second entry of 'Last' prices from Yahoo Finances Historical data table. We must check and validate the date entry for the row before storing the 'Last' price, so that we are pulling the correct data at all times.

- Optimization
At this time, the script is not able to pull some data rapidly. While this is not the utmost priority, it could use some work... Perhaps migrating to Flaks with DB may resolve this issue, but it will cost more to maintain and operate...



